Hunter-chan, I found something up this way.
It's an egg chamber.
So the Queen's chamber should be close.
Look over there. That egg.
It's huge. If the Queen laid that, what kind of thing was inside?
Hey, whatever hatched from that egg isn't what our team came here to kill.
Focus on the Queen, Ant.
I say that, but it's unsettling. They keep on evolving.
Man, if there's an ant out there that was born from an egg of this size...
Damn bugs. These shitheads mean war.
Got munched pretty good.
You want me to patch you up there, buddy?
Gotta pay the price, though.
Quit being a screwy brat. Just do it.
Okay, but there's something that I want.
And no, it isn't money this time around. I...
More incoming. Fine.
Alright, Chimizu. Whatever you want.
Chimizu's
This school isы
Unwanted
Innate
Sorry, can we stop here?
Yeah. How about next time? Please.
Bad face, bad situation
Bad love, bad feeling
I can't get over it, no no
Kiss me
Sorry, sorry, you guys are leaving me
It's about time we really part
Goodbye my weakness, my, my world
Nobody can touch it
Look at the cut, we're counting the words
Hello my brain, this voice of ours
If you know, if you saw, take it all
Give me your memorial now
Say it again